I like scrubbing my body at the public bath. I went to the public bath yesterday. I first went into a hot tub and sat for 30 minuates and then started scrubbing. After scrubbing for 20minuates, I felt like I had lost 1 kg.
I like scrubbing my body at the public bath. I went to the public bath yesterday. I first went into a hot tub and sat for 30 minuates and then started scrubbing. After scrubbing for 20 minuates, I felt like I had lost 1 kg.
I like scrubbing my body at the public bath. I went to the public bath yesterday. I first went into a hot tub and sat for 30 minuates and then started scrubbing. After scrubbing for 20 minuates, I felt like I had lost 1 kg.


It is safe to live in my neighborhood. There are many surveillance cameras in the area. So I feel safe to get around late at night. However, my mom always yells at me when I come home late. I want to live alone.

I went on a new roller coaster in the amusement park. I was so scary. I was the most hair rising roller coaster I have ever gone on. I felt sick and exhausted after the ride. 

I was on a healthy diet for five days. I've been limiting myself. But then I binge ate yesterday. I ate a slice of cake, three scoops of ice cream and five pieces of chocalates after dinner.

My brother is always in his room playing computer games. He eats and sleeps in his room. So, I barely see him in the house. He is totally addicted to computer gaems.

I liked playing video games when I was little. I am an only child so i used to play alone. When i was in elementary school, I made some friends. They came to my house to play games together
