I don't like going shopping with my girl friend. When we go shopping, it takes forever. She usually spends five hours on shopping. She tries on everything. It makes me feel stressed.
I don't like going shopping with my girl friend. When we go shopping, it takes forever. She usually spends five hours on shopping. She tries on everything. It makes me feel stressed.
I don't like going shopping with my girl friend. When we go shopping, it takes forever. She usually spends five hours on shopping. She tries on everything. It makes me feel stressed.

It is safe to live in my neighborhood. There are many surveillance cameras in the area. So, I feel safe to get around late at night. However, my mom always yells at me when i come home. I want to live alone.

I like scrubbing my body at the public bath. I went to the public bath yesterday. I first went into a hot tub and sat for 30 minuates and then started scrubbing. After scrubbing for 20 minuates, I felt like I had lost 1 kg.

I was on a healthy diet for five days. I've been limiting myself. But then I binge ate yesterday. I ate a slice of cake, three scoops of ice cream and five pieces of chocolates after dinner.

I like going to the bookstore. It is fun looking around the bookstore. When I have time, i just go there and pick up some books even though there is nothing in particular i want to buy.

I liked playing video games when i was little. I am an only child so i used to play alone. When I was in elementary school, i made some friends. They came to my house to play games together.

My brother is always in his room playing computer games. He eats and sleeps in his room. So I barely see him in the house. He is totally addicted to computer games.

I went on a new roller coaster in the amusement park. I was so scary. I was the most hair rising roller coaster I have ever gone on. I felt sick and exhausted after the ride.

I don't like going shopping with my girl friend. When we go shopping, it takes forever. She usually spends five hours on shopping. She tries on everything. It makes me feel stressed
