// 13개를함
// 지금 16장을 했는데 --> 5장8,9

1장 - only child
2장 - addicted
3장 - amusment park
4장 - diet
6장 - surveillance camera
7장 - public bath
10장 - bookstore
11장 - shopping
12장 - youtube 
13장 - eating alone
14장 - make any plans.
15장 - spam mail
16장 - get on the train 

I was waiting in line to get on the subway. Me and other people were waiting behind the white line on the platform. When the subway arrived, the man rushed and tried to get on the train before the passengers on the train got off. He was so rude.
I was waiting in line to get on the subway. Me and other people were waiting behind the white line on the platform. When the subway arrived, the man rushed and tried to get on the train before the passengers on the train got off. He was so rude.
I was waiting in line to get on the subway. Me and other people were waiting behind the white line on the platform. When the subway arrived, the man rushed and tried to get on the train before the passangers on the train got off. He was so rude.


I receieve too many spam mails from loaning services and adult websites. It is so annoying. I once accidentally deleted an important email from my boss because I thought it was spam. 

I don't like eating alone. When I have no one to eat with, I just skip it and have some bread instead. When I was taking classes by myself, I lost 5kg in one semester.


//// 잘몰랐음..
My friend and I were planing to have dinner together. But, we couldn't make any plans because it was so hard to set a time to works for both of us. I think she is too busy.

I don't like going to the shopping with my girl friend. When we go shopping, it takes forever. She spends an 5 hours on shopping. She tries on everything. It makes me feel stressed. 

I like going the bookstore. It is fun looking around the bookstore. When I have time, I just go there and pick up some books even though there is nothing in particular I want to buy.

I like scrubbing my body at the public bath. I went to the public bath yesterday. I first went into a hot tub and sat for 30 minuates and then started scrubbing. After scrubbing for 20 minuates, I felt like I had lost 1kg. 


/// 불확실성 
I like to watch Youtube video clips through my phone. I used too much data for the internet on my phone and I ended up receving an enormous billing statements this month. 


I liked playing video games when I was little. I am an only child so i used to play game alone. When I am in elementary school, I made some friends. They came to my house to play games together.

My brother is always in his room play computer games. He eats and sleeps in his room. So I barely see him in the house. He is totally addicted to computer games.

// on the? 
I went on the new roller coaster in the amusement park. I was so scary. I was the most hair rising roller coaster I have ever gone on. I felt sick and exhausted after the ride.

// check
I was on a healthy diet for five days. I've limiting my self. But then I binge ate yesterday. I ate a slice of cake, three scoops of ice cream and five pieces of chocolates after dinner. 

It is safe to live in my neighborhood. There are many surveillance cameras in the area. So I feel safe to get around late at night. However, my mom always yells at me when I come home late. I want to live alone.


